this is Ronnie laughs in Toronto with a
non video review what okay throughout
the NHL playoffs I be making deals with
people i know from school friends in
youtube I have won a lot lost a lot
again somebody lost some money I had a
bet with up the bottom is that the Ducks
win in the Red Wings series I had a bet
with some friends that the Hurricanes
the caps and the Chicago would win so
I've lost and gained some money in there
but really since I knew Paul aka
optibotimus like the red wings I decided
to bring my bets to youtube so I I bet
against the red wings I'm all for
Toronto Maple Leafs my favorite team but
really they're never going to make the
playoffs i can understand that so I just
pick my one of my other favorite teams
which happens to me the Ducks tampa bay
and chicago so just let you know that
but i did lose the bet as you can see
the Ducks lost no big deal and I now
cheering for the Red Wings and I really
do see that the Red Wings played better
they deserve the win Paul mentioned that
it was karma from Game three from when
the ducks won and they called off that
last goal I totally agree with that it's
not only that but the Red Wings did play
better than the Ducks they deserve it
and good luck to the Red Wings hats off
to them they really are a superior team
and Paul you really know how to pick a
team so I'm now going for the red wings
and display up so go wings go um yeah so
just go check out his videos subscribe
to them cheer for red wings they're
obviously a better team so far now I'm
hoping Chicago goes all the way to so
I'm going to have a tough time with
whoever wins
around three plan but it's obviously
going to be red wings i hope i really
like Chicago that Detroit might actually
win it twice in a row and the Hurricanes
are doing pretty good so I predict
hurricanes and Detroit round for the
Senate cup champions so this is my video
for Paul aka optibotimus the wings truly
are superior right now I'm going to take
a lot of my money and go pay my dues to
my friends and they're going to pay me
their dues cuz I went to my other ones
and lost one I lost this one and I lost
the Boston series so until then I'm
going to be poor or maybe make some
money so until then this for you paw
goings go